Timing and Subtitles brought to you by
7️⃣Shooting Stars Team @Viki.com
I did my best.
You did? Well, I did my best, too.
By the time I took over, it was too late.
By the time you took over, it was too late?
Please give me one more chance.
- But who's going to give me another chance?
- You aren't suited for this industry.
You aren't suited for this industry.
He's incompetent beyond words.
You're better off changing jobs.
Maybe you should get a tutor.
He's always absent for sketching classes.
But it's better when he isn't around.
I've cleared up your messes way too many times.
What the heck are you trying to say?
Let's work together to improve.
He's so...
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7...
[Adapted from Zhong Min Rui's novel]
All right, we've reached Starry Islet.
Collect your luggage up ahead.
What do we have most here?
Turtles!
The shaved ice up the mountains
is delicious too.
Many people come here
for diving and shaved ice.
But what else is there to explore?
Tons! So much more to explore!
The ocean is one attraction,
but there's close to no light pollution
up the mountains at night.
You can bike up the mountains
and make a wish if you're lucky enough
to catch shooting stars.
Hong!
Hey, Hong!
You know, I'm great with the guitar.
[Ladder Steps]
The fruits today are extra sweet.
- The season really matters.
- Oh, you're all here.
Village Chief.
- The village chief is here!
- It's the village chief.
- Perfect.
- Here, take one.
Fresh out of the print! Grab one!
- Village Chief, have some fruit.
- Okay, thanks.
- I'll get you a fork.
- Oh, you're too nice.
Hang on, I'll grab a fork.
- Thank you.
- It's so sweet.
Wan Zhe!
You're out of bed?
Li Wan Zhe!
What took you so long?
Violence in the morning?
You'll ruin your image.
Hama-chan! Morning!
Shaved ice in the morning
will ruin your stomach.
But I just love it.
Suit yourself.
Deliver five bowls of shaved ice for me later.
- To the port.
- Got it.
When you're on the main island,
help me make a trip to the fishing harbor
and buy some turtle egg cakes.
One, two, three, four.
Work time!
Xiang Yong!
Xiang Yong, why are you back?
I really missed you.
Dad.
Old man.
My idol is back.
Xiang Yong.
Here, watermelon candy.
It's your favorite.
Thanks, Hong.
But I don't like them anymore.
Well...
What about turtles and drawing?
Do you still like those?
Xiang Yong! Xiang Yong!
- De.
- You haven't been back in ages!
Didn't you have an exhibition abroad?
- Nah.
- Xiang Yong! Come here!
Come on in, let's catch up.
Okay, I'll chat with you next time.
Xiang Yong's a busy man.
- Don't bother him.
- I'll head back first. Thanks.
- Hey, it's my chance to grab my dream.
- You sure you don't want any?
Don't stop me.
Grab what? Don't be ridiculous.
- Don't you know who he is?
- You'll help me leave the island, right?
No way. Get to work.
I need money for the boat fare.
- Village Chief!
- You're superb.
- You'll get all five votes from my family.
- Make sure you keep your word.
When I'm the village chief,
the roads become so clean.
The drains are sparkling too.
- I'll vote for you.
- Isn't that Xiang Yong?
Xiang Yong!
- Xiang Yong's back!
- It's Xiang Yong!
Xiang Yong!
- It's rare for him to be back!
- Oh, you're back!
Xiang Yong, is this a special visit?
- Xiang Yong!
- Did you publish a book?
He's the one with the art exhibition.
Yeah, we even went to see.
- I didn't have an art exhibition.
- You did!
I told my younger bro to look up to you.
You're so amazing.
Let's take photos, come on.
Starry Islet's greatest artist. That's him.
I watched him grow up.
- He Xiang Yong.
- Be careful.
- Get over here.
- Watch out for traffic.
Thanks.
Oh, please.
We've known each other for ages.
Our chemistry is god tier.
You know how the islanders are.
They have too much time on their hands.
All they do is gossip.
But it can't be helped.
Blame yourself for being
the star of Starry Islet.
I was planning to grab
shaved ice and jelly with you.
It's fine. I'm bring some over for you.
Why the sudden visit?
You didn't even tell me.
You said it, a sudden visit it is.
No notices needed.
True.
I bet you just missed me.
You know?
While you were away,
my mom was super annoying.
She always gushes about how great you are.
You leave the island for your dreams.
And then she nags at me
for being a useless shut-in gamer.
She wants me to learn from you.
My ears are dropping off from her nagging.
And Village Chief Wang!
He plans to build a resort.
One that's solar powered!
I seriously think he's aiming to be the mayor.
We're here.
Mr. He.
Mr. He!
Du Du, have you seen Mr. He?
Where's everyone?
Mr. He.
Your dear Xiang Yong is back.
I know.
Your mom blasted it into the group chat.
Mom.
I'm back.
Are you hungry?
I'll cook you some noodles.
Okay.
I'm not hungry.
Where did this crap piece of wood come from?
Why bring it back if you don't need it?
Please, keep the storage baskets and broom.
No one runs an inn like this.
And you're drinking so early in the morning.
Good lord.
You barely come back once a year.
Now you're back, you give me an attitude.
If you don't want to be here, don't come back.
That's not true, Mr. He.
He's just tired from work.
I bet he's also seasick from
the gusting wind this morning.
He doesn't mean it.
Oh, poor thing. He's tired?
- Are you tired from work?
- Yeah.
I'm tired. Du Du's tired, too.
Everyone's tired.
Work gets to everyone.
It isn't even a rest day.
He comes back on a regular day,
and he complains about being tired?
Listen up.
I also run a business.
If I find myself an employee
as lazy and useless as him,
that'll be a lifetime of bad luck.
He wants the best of everything.
Yes.
I'm lazy and useless.
If you're irked by the sight of me, don't look.
Just ignore the fact that I'm back.
I didn't ask you to come back.
You're the one who ditched work to come back.
Now, you're even giving me an attitude.
You scold me for not coming back.
Now that I'm back, you still snap at me.
This glum face comes from your genes.
- Hey.
- You always act like this when I'm back.
All right. Stop.
1 minute, 10.9 seconds.
Congratulations on breaking
your previous fight record.
Congratulations, truly.
All right, don't be mad.
Come on.
Calm down.
Drink up, Mr. He.
Cheers.
Cheers? Screw off.
Do you have a lot of time to spare?
Don't you have a shop to tend?
Nah.
My mom has a message for you.
The village chief is hosting a dinner.
He Xiang Yong happens to be back, too.
He's invited you over. You must go.
Mr. He, I'll get back to work.
Sorry.
The chair.
Thanks.
He Xiang Yong, make sure you come tonight.
Come on.
Bottoms up.
Thanks.
You've seen me serve everyone, yeah?
You get it, right?
You have to pick me, yeah?
- All right?
- We will.
Please, I'm counting on you.
Enjoy the food. Take your time.
This tastes amazing.
Eat your fill.
Eat up.
Dig in.
Let me see... No, not this one.
I want this song.
24206.
- 78257.
- Okay, I'll put it in for you.
Not yet!
27394. Thanks.
Remember, vote for me.
Thanks.
Mr. He, when is your son going to the U.S.?
How about an art exhibition in Europe?
Luzhou's quicker.
What? Here, drink up.
What does he draw?
I have no clue.
- Eat your fill.
- Here, Xiang Yong. Have more.
- I didn't see you eat much.
- Hey, He.
Isn't your little assistant joining us?
He's having a day off.
Who knows where he went since the morning.
When did we get a new hire?
He's been here for some time.
And he's ultra handsome.
A total hottie.
- Right?
- Not bad, I guess.
He managed to survive
past three days in my household?
Don't be rude. He has a great personality.
Gets along perfectly with me.
Not the slightest bit like you.
Impossible to talk to with a shit attitude.
- What shit attitude?
- Just like right now.
Yeah, you're so nice.
Come on, eat. Don't fight.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
- Here.
Listen to the doctor.
Shut your mouth if you only talk crap.
Drink up. Cheers.
Come on, bottoms up.
Drink.
Village Chief Wang.
Let's sing together.
You go ahead.
Sing with me. This is a great song.
Everyone knows me for this song.
What? Aren't you eating?
It's too hot.
I lost my appetite.
Lost your appetite?
Don't try to fool me.
Your dad's the real reason.
If your mom said the same thing to you,
would you still feel happy?
I'll be fine.
Doesn't bother me.
Wan Zhe.
Long time no see.
Want to have a bite?
Fine.
When we're back, help me clear a stage.
Don't touch my snacks stash.
I'll think about it.
Think about it?
No, hands off my stash.
You want to study in Japan?
Nah.
You want to travel there?
I'm broke.
But why are you on such great terms with Hai?
He's so aloof and barely talks.
We get along because he talks little.
Keeps my ears at peace.
Look at my mom.
One of her is enough.
I'm going to sing. Singing time.
What song?
Come on, what's your pick?
An English song?
You didn't tell me how long you'll be here.
I guess... for a while.
What does that mean?
Are you using up your annual leave?
I don't have that now.
You don't have annual leave?
Did you take special days off?
Nah.
What then?
I'm unemployed.
Can't hear you!
I've been fired!
One song.
I think a Taiwanese song is better.
A Taiwanese song?
I think I'll just sing a Taiwanese song too.
Chen Lei's song? Let me pick it.
All right?
- Let's all sing together.
- Eat up.
Come on, sing and drink.
Start singing!
I'll pick Chen Lei's song.
Choose whatever you like.
He Xiang Yong.
Drink up. Come on.
Cheers.
It's fine.
[turnyoung_ho]
[_how.hello_ commented on your story.]
[_how.hello_]
[Chen Hao Wei]
I don't see the disciplinary master.
Happy birthday to you!
Thank goodness I'm smart.
I figured you'd be here.
Look.
There are so many shooting stars tonight.
I really miss this.
Do you still remember?
We used to come here all the time
as kids to make wishes.
You always wished to become an artist.
You know, I really admire you.
In what sense?
I'm not an artist.
I'm not even worthy of picking up a brush.
Everyone keeps talking about Europe and France.
What a joke.
I got myself fired as an editor.
I even owe...
Anyway, my crap life isn't worth envying.
I've had enough.
I really hope I can stop being He Xiang Yong.
Hey, you've been talking so quietly.
Can't you speak up?
I said!
I hope I can stop being He Xiang Yong!
That's easy.
Dive into the sea.
- Great idea.
- Really?
Come on then. Let's do it together.
- Dive into the sea!
- How about this spot?
Wait, I was kidding.
I wasn't. Come on, let's jump down.
I was really kidding. Sorry, I didn't mean...
I'll jump down and restart my life.
I was just kidding!
If I...
If I hadn't known you for over two decades,
I would shove you down right away.
I'll get it back for you.
- Mr. Hua.
- You're back.
Haven't you gone home?
Goodnight.
Xiang Yong.
I'm cooking for you.
Your dad was worried
you didn't have enough for dinner.
He's clearly drunk.
But he insisted on cooking
garlic prawn flat noodles for you.
I was scared he'd blow the kitchen up.
So, I told him to sleep
and leave the cooking to me.
Make sure you take a bite or two.
Thanks, Mr. Hua.
Give me a second.
My flat noodles!
Darn brat.
Don't ever come back.
I can't guarantee it'll taste good.
What's the matter?
Not enough garlic?
I'll cook another bowl...
No, that's not it.
It's delicious.
But why are you munching it down so grumpily?
Bad mood?
I just thought about when I was younger.
Whenever my family had a celebration,
Dad would cook these noodles for me.
But today...
Mr. Hua...
Have I disappointed my dad?
Xiang Yong, you're a young man out in society.
Things are bound to get rough.
You can't expect everything to go your way.
When I used to work in a big hospital,
things were the same for me.
Obstacles are what helps us grow.
But...
Anyway, I think I'm really useless right now.
That depends on what you're aiming for.
Do you want to be useful or fawned over?
Or are you happy with just loving yourself?
It's easy for parents to be content.
As long as their children are doing fine,
they have nothing more to ask for.
So, here's the thing.
Don't take your dad's harsh words to heart.
He's really glad you're back.
Really?
He's happy?
Don't use your eyes.
Use your heart to feel.
Hear me out.
Find a chance to have a good chat with him.
At times, giving in first doesn't mean losing.
But you know how we can't have a long chat.
Don't be in a hurry. Take your time.
Not everything that happens is bad.
Look at it from a different perspective.
Perhaps...
Perhaps the heavens are giving you a chance
to make a change.
It all depends on whether you grab it.
All right, eat up before the food gets cold.
Regardless of what happens,
you can count on me.
Thanks, Mr. Hua.
Hey, you sure you don't want more garlic.
- Nah, I'm good.
- Are you sure?
I'll get some chilli.
All right.
Why isn't he back yet?
It's already so late.
[Beautiful Homeland Competition]
[Special Award for He Xiang Yong]
[Starry Islet Tin Man Award]
[Third Prize: He Xiang Yong]
Who said things get better when we grow up?
Bullshit.
It sucks now that I've grown up.
Utter crap.
Who's there?
[He Xiang Yong]
It's easy for parents to be content.
As long as their children are doing fine,
they have nothing more to ask for.
Damn. Why is it so freaking heavy?
So damn heavy.
Hey, come and help me.
Chen Hao Wei!
Coming!
Hello, I'm Chen Hao Wei from Class 2.
From that day...
He Xiang Yong!
I made up my mind.
- He Xiang Yong!
- This name...
It no longer had anything to do with me.
Chen Hao Wei, stop bothering me.
I didn't want to mention it again.
That was until we met once more.
[Epilogue]
Hey, the disciplinary master's here.
Aren't you leaving?
The disciplinary master is here?
He's here. Right up there.
- Come on.
- What are you doing?
What the heck are you doing?
I don't see the disciplinary master!
Stop running!
He's right behind us.
Where is he?
Behind us.
Hang on, stop.
Just move.
Stop right there!
Chen Hao Wei!
He's the new hire?
Why can't I say my name?
- You don't recognize him?
- Who is he?
- None of you know him?
- Yeah, we don't.
The shooting stars!
Didn't you make a wish, too?
Why are you fine?
The wish doesn't affect me.
Li Wan Zhe!
I like you!
What?
Have we met somewhere?